docs: regression test guide (#449)
CodeIntelligenceTesting/cifuzz: docs/How-To-Write-A-Fuzz-Test.md

You can find the generated binaries in
`.cifuzz-build/replayer/address+undefined/`.

### Bazel

To execute a fuzz test as a regression test the following custom configuration has 
to be added to the `.bazelrc` file in the project workspace.

```
# --config=asan-replay
build:asan-replay --@rules_fuzzing//fuzzing:cc_engine=@rules_fuzzing//fuzzing/engines:replay
build:asan-replay --@rules_fuzzing//fuzzing:cc_engine_instrumentation=none
build:asan-replay --@rules_fuzzing//fuzzing:cc_engine_sanitizer=asan
```

> This allows the bazel flag `--config=asan-replay` to be added to a fuzz test run. 

Reviewer: Lets explain here what the flag does:

This allows to run fuzz tests via `bazel test --config=asan-replay`, which executes the fuzz test with all the input files in the corpus directory (`<fuzz test name>_inputs` by default) and then exits with exit code 0 if none of the inputs resulted in a finding. This can be used as a regression test, testing that the inputs which previously resulted in findings do not result in findings anymore.

Author: This is also the general explanation of replaying/running it as a regression test, right? Maybe we should write that in the general section?

Author: We do have that explanation in the "Getting started" guide section "Regression testing" (except the exit code mentioning). Maybe we should expand that?

> To run a fuzz test with this configuration in your IDE, it has to be
> executed from the `BUILD.bazel` where it is defined as a `cc_fuzz_test`. 
> Choose "Modify Run Configuration" and add the bazel flag.
> 
> Running the fuzz test now via "Run '...'" executes it in regression test mode.

Reviewer: This part is specific to JetBrains IDEs

```suggestion
In JetBrains IDEs with the [bazel plugin](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/8609-bazel) installed, a fuzz test can be run with this configuration from the `BUILD.bazel` file which defines the `cc_fuzz_test` after adding the flag via "Modify Run Configuration".
```
